# Computational-Content-Analysis_Final-Project_2024
This is the repository for the course's final project

Pitch: 
My research is essentially driven by a concern for the integration of AI guidelines in education, especially given the rapid advancement of (generative) AI tools, as demonstrated by platforms such as ChatGPT. This led to my research question: How are U.S. public universities adapting their educational policies, particularly within course syllabi, to address "AI" and its associated regulations in an ethical manner, especially in guiding faculty and students? The importance of this research stems from the significant impact of ChatGPT's launch in November 2022, which not only garnered widespread public interest, but also marked an inevitable shift in the educational landscape. As a student who has witnessed the growing popularity of generative AI in educational settings, I am interested in exploring how institutions, instructors, and students are adapting to and managing its widespread influence.  

My data consists of all course syllabi published since 2023 from the largest syllabi archive at the University of Michigan, a public university in the United States. The giant syllabi archive itself is an interactive website with the following search options: department, term, subject, course name, and instructor. So as I scrape the data, I will also retrieve their individual department, term, course name, and most importantly, content. These additional variables could potentially reveal interesting patterns when manipulated for text analysis.

The methods I expect to use will mainly range from scraping to word counting and tracing the distribution of meaning, supported by appropriate visualizations. And to better capture the attitudes towards AI in the syllabi, I will incorporate large language models like GPT-4 to label each syllabus as supportive, not supportive, neutral, or unknown. I also plan to do word clustering and some basic modeling.
